You have a face and a heart
I'm not done with you
Every day you haven't left yet
Come here to make trouble
Then don't blame me for being rude.
Somebody help me!
Wait, let me handle it.
Didn't Ye Tianci say it?
Don't go out in front of my mom?
How many years have you waited?
Waiting for a soaring opportunity
What do you want?
What do I want to do?
Ask him what the queen wants to do
You can ask him what you want to do.
Ye Tianci
Our Ruoxi has become a boundary with you
You still have the shame to come and bury the frame
Listen to my daughter
Boy, I want you to get out of here quickly
Open your eyes and take a look
Who are these people today?
I'll get this man out of here first
The richest man will come soon
Turns out he is us
Boy, I told you to get out
Ye Tianci, I will teach you one last time
Are you going to go or not? I don't
Pretending to be crazy and talking nonsense
I'll slap you with this slap, you're not allowed to advance or retreat
Yes, they are disgraceful and unceremonious
I'll hit you with this slap. Do you have a mother to give birth to or not?
Montana
This slap I hit you
This slap is blind in the mountains
I don't deserve to be a mother
How dare you hit me?
So many years
I haven't touched a finger of yours.
But this time you're wrong.
Very outrageous
What's wrong with you?
Do you know who Mengmeng is about to starve to death?